---
lab:
    title: 'Exercise 2 - Mitigate threats using Microsoft Defender for Cloud'
    module: 'Module 3 - Mitigate threats using Microsoft Defender for Cloud'
---

# Module 3 - Lab 1 - Exercise 2 - Mitigate threats using Microsoft Defender for Cloud

## Lab scenario

You're a Security Operations Analyst working at a company that implemented Microsoft Defender for Cloud. You need to respond to security alerts generated by Microsoft Defender for Cloud.


### Task 1: Mitigate security alerts

In this task, you will load sample security alerts and review the alert details.

1. Log in to WIN1 virtual machine as Admin with the password: **Pa55w.rd**.  

2. In the Edge browser, open the Azure portal at (https://portal.azure.com).

3. In the **Sign in** dialog box, copy, and paste in the **Tenant Email** account provided by your lab hosting provider and then select **Next**.

4. In the **Enter password** dialog box, copy, and paste in the **Tenant Password** provided by your lab hosting provider and then select **Sign in**.

5. In the Search bar of the Azure portal, type *Defender*, then select **Microsoft Defender for Cloud**.

6. Under *General*, select **Security alerts** in the portal menu.

7. Select **Sample alerts** from the command bar (hint: you may need to select the ellipsis button from the command bar).

8. In the Create sample alerts (Preview) pane make sure your subscription is selected.  Make sure all sample alerts are selected in the *Defender for Cloud plans* area and select **Create sample alerts**.  

    >**Note:** This sample alert creation process may take a few minutes to complete, wait for the "Successfully created sample alerts" notification. Once complete each of the alerts should appear in the *Security alerts* area.

9. For each of the alerts perform the following actions:

    A. Select the alert, information about the alert should appear.  Select **View full details**.

    B. Review and read through the *Alert details* tab.

    C. Select the **Take action** tab.

    D. Review the *Take action* information. Notice the buttons available to take action depending on the type of alert.

## You have completed the lab.
